.TH LWVS 8 2014-07-24 "LWPU" "GPU Deployment and Management Documentation"
.sp

.SH NAME

.sp
lwvs \- The LWPU Validation Suite
.sp

.SH SYNOPSIS

.sp
\fBlwvs\fR [-a] [-c \fIcfgfile\fR] [-d \fIdbglevel\fR] [-g] [-l
\fIdbgfile\fR] [-s] [-t] [--version] [-h]
.sp

.SH DESCRIPTION

.sp
\fBlwvs\fR is the LWPU Validation Suite for Unix platforms.
LWVS is the system administrator and cluster manager's tool for
detecting and troubleshooting common problems affecting LWPU
Tesla GPUs in a high performance computing elwironments. LWVS
folwses on software and system configuration issues, diagnostics,
topological concerns, and relative performance.
.sp

.SH OPTIONS

.sp
LWVS supports the following command line options.
.sp

.TP
\fB-a, --appendLog\fR
Append this run to the current debug log file.
.TP
\fB-c, --config \fIpath to config file\fB\fR
Specify a path to the configuration file.
.TP
\fB--configless 
\fRRun LWVS in a configless mode.  Exelwtes a "long" test on all supported GPUs.
.TP
\fB-d <debug level>, --debugLevel <debug level>\fR
Debug level 0-5 with 5 being the most verbose.
.TP
\fB-g, --listGpus\fR
List the GPUs available for testing.
.TP
\fB-l <debug file>, --debugLogFile <debug file>\fR
Encrypted logfile for debug information.
.TP
\fB-p <path>, --pluginpath <path>\fR
Custom path for LWVS plugins.
.TP
\fB--quiet\fR
No console output given.  See logs and return code for errors.
.TP
\fB-s, --scriptable\fR
Give output in colon-separated, more script-friendly format.
.TP
\fB--specifiedtest <specific test to run>\fR
Run a specific test in a configless mode. Multiple word
tests should be in quotes.
.TP
\fB--statsonfail\fR
Output statistic logs only if a test failure is encountered.
.TP
\fB-t, --listTests\fR
List the test suites and test groups available.
.TP
\fB-v, --verbose\fR
Enable verbose reporting for some plugins.
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Displays the version information and exits.
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Displays usage information and exits.
.sp

.SH CONFIGURATION FILE

.sp
Tests, GPUs, and global parameters are specified via a
configuration file which is a standard YAML format, the most
basic of which is:
.sp

%YAML 1.2
.br
---
.br
globals:
  logfile: lwvs

gpus:
.br
- gpuset: all K40c
  properties:
    name: Tesla K40c
  tests: 
    name: Long
					
.sp
This configuration file will run the 'Long' test suite on all
Tesla K40c GPUs found within the system. In addition to the name,
indexes, UUIDs, and PCI bus IDs, a brand, such as 'Tesla', can be
specified. The one caveat is that if multiple indexes are
specified or a brand specification matches more than one GPU on
the system, all GPUs must be of the same type (i.e. all must be
Tesla K40c).
.sp
Please refer to the LWVS User Guide for a more detailed
explanation of the LWVS config file and options.
.sp

.SH PROPERTIES

.sp
The full specification for the properties section is:
.sp

.TP
\fBindex\fR
-- A comma-separated list of indexes that the tests should run
on.
.TP
\fBname\fR
-- The canonical name for the device (i.e. Tesla K8).
.TP
\fBbrand\fR
-- The brand name for the device being targeted (i.e. Tesla).
.TP
\fBuuid\fR
-- The full uuid for the device wanting to be targeted.
.TP
\fBbusid\fR
-- The full PCIe busid for the device wanting to be targeted in
\fBxxxx:yy:zz.n\fR format.
.sp
In the above list, busid and uuid can only match a single unique
device whereas index, name, and brand can match multiple devices.
For the other three keywords, the resulting list of GPUs is the
intersection of one or more of the {index, name, brand} set
depending on which keywords the user specifies.
.sp

.SH TESTS

.sp
The test names are a package of pre-sequenced tests or test
groups:
.TP
\fBQuick\fR
Designed for a job prologue and with basic checks for sanity and
configuration.
.TP
\fBMedium\fR
Designed for a job epilogue on failure with more ilwolved
software and hardware tests, system integration tests, and
relative performance checks.
.TP
\fBLong\fR
Designed for manual exelwtion on a job failure. Contains the
components of the “medium” suite but run for a longer time in an
effort to stress the system.
.sp

.SH FILES

.sp

The default installation directory is /usr/share/lwpu-validation-suite/
.TP
\fB/etc/lwpu-validation-suite/lwvs.conf\fR
The default LWVS configuration file.
.TP
\fB$INSTALL_DIR/plugins/*.so\fR
Pre-packaged plugins for LWVS.
.TP
\fB$INSTALL_DIR/configfile_examples/\fR
Example config files for the various GPUs that LWVS supports.
.sp

.SH NOTES

.sp
For more information about LWVS, please see the online
documentation at XXX.
.sp

.SH SEE ALSO

.sp
\fBlwidia-healthmon\fR(8), \fBLWML\fR(3)
.sp
\fBLWIDIA Validation Suite User Guide\fR at XXX.
.sp

.SH COPYRIGHT

.sp
©2015 LWPU Corporation. All rights reserved.
